life this year on the mala mala
game reserve in south africa is
hard harder than usual a drought
has left the animals here
desperate for water and food
this lion pride has had no
substantial kills in months and
several other Cubs have died the
cape buffalo to have suffered
grasses that should be in
abundance have all but
disappeared
lions are one of the few animals
who will challenge a cape
buffalo Cape Buffalo's are large
animals adult stand over four
feet high and can be over seven
feet long and weigh around 1,500
pounds and they're known to be
ferocious perfectly able to kill
an adult line but the Lions are
desperate and so the pride takes
a chance
they stopped the herd looking
for one member Varner Allah
enough to attack for cape
buffalo there is safety in
numbers becoming separated and
isolated is a grim situation the
Lions locate their intended
target this cow is large her
sharp horns and whose could
normally deliver a deadly blow
to an unwary Linus but this
Buffalo is old and slightly lame
the Lions will exploit these
weaknesses the herd has
abandoned the count and the
pride circles around her waiting
for the right moment the lioness
is attacked piling onto the
Buffalo biting and clients from
all direction
yeah
finally a male line locks onto
the Buffaloes throat crushing
her windpipe it will be a slow
agonizing death
it's a gruesome sight but the
Lions fuzzy as well this kill
means a renewed chance at life
for them